mostly dating the challenge of the head
I fell in love with pink
down the street a lot more
only in the head
we had bosses bultos man institute
of mollet other studies and reality
the infected betrayal of the progress of the
that absence to own
came the one that represents willy 24 radio
has blessed by the psir possessed by the
fame toy in every conversation I seek
at each mention in the voice but after
just move to treason or do your
work and they put you rewards and
when I am believe the most famous that I
I raise my head and there is no fame and no friends
If there is no fame and money, take the
chilling to prove that here was the
passenger but the driver you want me me
you want me to be in every conversation
in each fund in each paper you were given the
chance everything is at your fingertips
normally with the trance even numbers
two sentences because I'm fame a lot
you hate another eagerness a month comes a crossword
respect for others without relatives in the
anonymous and if you have doubts touch me I am
Fame
I am the fame I am the potatoes
me and even though what he manages calls
musical spas, what are you doing?
have in the house and fame recipes in the
home in black hp many try me and they
they die at the moment of truth
they reason from more than the current and not
there are neurons can not stand I do not give you
more or less just the result of
have you stand and look back
war depending on how I took it will be the
fictional lucrative the benefits that
this one where I grant I can become you
the next one for obama or flyer the 100
communism decides I recommend you choose
Seriously what I offer you deserves or
You did not touch me and accept the challenge
keep third how difficult was the new
when the thousand data that counted then
start the game so that the formula is
more people than talent because in bust
make noise but do not return it
some are lost another the town the
do more for your curse or release
many tastes today fame
and the money falsehood that your bed
contain me if it can not contain me
it costs a lot to get to miami a lot
more to keep me here yes and I am the
fame limited and fame because I gave you
fame without rolo bacanería runs for me
chorus the one that I am like the king midas all
what touched the gold if I want from his side
I want this bass but for me what
otherwise they look me up and down I'm
inside of you I come saving all your
penalties continue to suck that we did not know
rocks and I come across something that I know
imposed crazy like condoms like you
I use it I need to wait for you
Talk to me I'll look for you when you want
because you are disposable to me and
think before going back to me that is not what
same call the devil to see it coming
and fame
father
no no
why
but let's bring peace
I have ambition